update async commit related documentation (#5114) (#5131)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

>
> Currently, this feature is incompatible with TiDB Binlog in some scenarios and might cause semantic changes on a transaction. For more usage precautions of this feature, refer to [Incompatibility issues about transaction semantic](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/21069) and [Incompatibility issues about TiDB Binlog](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/20996).

### tidb_enable_async_commit <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 RC</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL

> - Default value: `ON` for newly created clusters. If your cluster before upgrade was v5.0 RC or later, the variable value stays unchanged. If your cluster before upgrade was v4.0 or earlier, the variable value defaults to `OFF` after the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default value: For newly created clusters, the default value of v5.0 RC is `OFF` and the default value of v5.0 GA or later is `ON`. If your cluster was upgraded to v5.0 GA from v5.0 RC, the variable value stays unchanged. If your cluster was upgraded to v5.0 GA from v4.0 or earlier, the variable value defaults to `OFF` after the upgrade.
```

- This variable controls whether to enable the async commit feature for the second phase of the two-phase transaction commit to perform asynchronously in the background. Enabling this feature can reduce the latency of transaction commit.

> **Note:**
>
> If you have enabled TiDB Binlog, enabling this variable cannot improve the performance. To improve the performance, it is recommended to use [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md) instead.

### tidb_enable_1pc <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 RC</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL

> - Default value: `ON` for newly created clusters. If your cluster before upgrade was v5.0 RC or later, the variable value stays unchanged. If your cluster before upgrade was v4.0 or earlier, the variable value defaults to `OFF` after the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default value: For newly created clusters, the default value of v5.0 RC is `OFF` and the default value of v5.0 GA or later is `ON`. If your cluster was upgraded to v5.0 GA from v5.0 RC, the variable value stays unchanged. If your cluster is upgraded to v5.0 GA from v4.0 or earlier, the variable value defaults to `OFF` after the upgrade.
```
